Yeah.
No.
When i was down mackinson,
i grew up on time.
We're gonna listen in the town from the border patrol,
which belongs to the bank around nation.
Their country is situated on the big new south wild border,
thirty four ties with chicken.
What about grandfather place greats?
He was a great man prayer,
more respect.
You have to be around a bush in the river he attacked a big family
ten brothers and sisters.
You spend a lot of time there,
you're idle on stations alive.
Some of new south wales often tiger's,
wife,
more grand and these children really happy,
yeah for days and waits at a time,
repairing fences and attending to lord stuff.
You do it this way as he spiked about it.
The time regularly use time is lost like book.
They had an extraordinary license here they're all home last everything
grandfather asked over here was incredible loss on a friend of
dreams.
They passed their many stories to us kids back country
nixon.
You got it right through the toughest times a lot.
And it was also a master at making curry implements and all the weapons
needed to survive in the old days.
They will take all us kids up into the forest and take to say,
respect their land,
their people.
And what the river remains to us on wave belong toe
and far.
You certainly had a like boomerangs.
Spears now allows didgeridoo does and
parliaments.
There was always plenty of talking good tango,
amy,
yeah,
and yellow belly.
It always takes to squat to that special significance to women people,
and tell us over times what maintain and gave us only
rules to live by.
They will tell us a lot of men on a mission with nate,
document tyson to lay behind.
Two guys look forward.
And then when i wanted to come home,
they had to get permission from authorities.
This bother you?
I still remember clearly,
reaction every time you mention that well,
respected in with all my heart.
And so i'm sorry,
crap,
today's grandson and like that,
when he's talking to god,
i will be respected with the courage to make way.
Thank you.
No.
Oh!
Go!
Really?
Oh!